Stop. Have you been anywhere recently?
The police want you to mind your own business
Stop talking to Chen Yang like that
Chen Hao, don't be angry with him
Nothing happened.
This dress is for you, and it can save you from disaster.
Wear it on your body
Chen Hao, are you sick?
It's the 21st century now, and you're still doing this one
opposite sex
Go out with you
I'll go first
Stop
Just take it. He still knows how to order something.
Trust him.
Mom?
I just got back and heard your big news
How is your fiancé?
The top men in the family are all set by the older generation
Nothing.
Is this little appearance clearly attractive?
Miss, look, it's Dr. Chen
Chen Hao, why are you here?
I'll buy two stones.
I just happened to want to buy a piece for Xiao Ai
Let's do it together.
Hey, how much is this stone?
This is fine glutinous jadeite
Not expensive, just 80,000 bucks
Is there a cheaper one with a few hundred dollars?